hello, I 'm a teacher, marcelo souza da
Silva and welcome to another one.
audacious system video lesson is video
Class of
we will learn how to download
from the bold demo apparel to the bold
clothing is the package of
audaces containing the mold and the audaces
audaces fit this program adelmo it
formerly could not be done
download it straight from the internet you
need to pick up someone who had
this program but recently the
teacher and from big house gave me a
link in which the two are distributing
now the demo program over the internet
Well first of all I'll open mine.
browser you can use a
browser you use in your home
when you open your browser you
will enter the address
www.aldeiashistoricasdeportugal.com
amon dot br bar and clothing bar
will happen when you have to have
will appear the frame for you to do
login to the user name you go
write to the audacious and in the name and the password
you will write of amon vest watches and goes
click sign in
it will direct you to the page where
you will find the versions
available for download
we have version 10 and version 9 i did
some attempts away from the
version 10 and have failed so we will
download version 9
clicking here on the link of version 9 we
we will be directed to the folder where
I have several 9 versions in languages
different and click here in the
Portuguese
and then he's going to start doing mine.
download we wait for download
finish so we can install the program
well now that he had on Uncle Ayrton and
I'll
or save the file and I will
execute it
so here is the file that I downloaded to
audaces demo portuguese clothing nine
points 26
I come in this file in two clicks and
will open the installation exam of the
program
the season is simple on this until I go well
next
in this next I frame accepts the terms
contract click again next
here it shows the destination folder where
the program will be installed and if I
Do you want to change there?
possibility of changing the location and
Then I go and click next again
now it will start to unpack the
install the files and save it
ready he did the installation when he
He shows me this screen and then
asking if I want to restart the
computer, I 'm going to click, I 'm not going
restart the computer after you have no
need to restart it now and
I clicked to end when I clicked
to finish it comes here and ends and
installation
ready in the program is installed or
to minimize everything I will look here in the
work and he created me and colonial
alms and bold by fitting two clicks
you open the program two final clicks
of the session where agribusiness mold two
clicks on all down clicks open
audacious in box to see this program
will open all right
Look which one of the faces is that I have the
bold molds opening not yet bold
mode is opening has not opened yet
ready here is my bold mold to which
there is also the version of some
You see here that it's the version that we
we will use to study well I
I hope you have enjoyed this
video-lesson the new video format lessons
now I'm raising a lot of people
coming in contact made critical
suggestions and during these two years in
the channel works I've been working
right not a new format for video
classrooms
taking the opportunity I would like
to present to you a new way of
Let's get in touch it's for my fan
on facebook page you just enter the
Your facebook type that teacher.
marcelo souza da silva that you will fall
on my page
And then you click on Curtia and then on people.
will be keeping in touch by facebook
I'll be releasing first hand
some
age on facebook for my
followers
I hope you have enjoyed the
video of my video lesson I hope
find them in a next virgil not
forget it better than just do it
learn to make a big hug and even
the next